This walkthrough uses a deterministic synthetic workspace. No social provider is contacted.
The dashboard summarizes account readiness and recent activity, with composition as the primary action.
Provider accounts expose capabilities and are visibly marked simulated; OAuth is disabled in demo mode.
The composer validates content, optional links, media support, and the exact selected targets.
Each provider target enters publishing without an optimistic success claim.
Deterministic results complete with synthetic external identifiers; no provider endpoint was called.
Historical retry evidence preserves attempts and terminal status per target.
Analytics reports application counts and follower snapshot deltas, not individual unfollower claims.
Tests, builds, audits, secret scanning, responsive checks, and browser automation support the local MVP claim.
Provider approval, live OAuth, deployment, retention, and operations remain explicit external gates.